 


Business
Digital currencies: CBA to limit fund transfers in crypto scam crackdown

Dominic Powell 
485 words
9 June 2023
The Sydney Morning Herald
SMHH
First
26
English
? 2023 Copyright John Fairfax Holdings Limited. www.smh.com.au

Commonwealth Bank will limit customers from sending money to certain cryptocurrency exchanges and implement monthly limits on crypto purchases in an effort to crack down on scams and fraud.

Yesterday, the big four bank introduced a raft of new scam prevention methods, including bans or 24-hour holds on payments to certain crypto exchanges, becoming the second major bank to do so after Westpac took similar action last month.

CBA would not identify the exchanges that would be limited under the new system. However, it's likely Binance - one of the world's largest and most popular cryptocurrency exchanges - will be included.

This week, US regulators took action against Binance and Coinbase, another major exchange, accusing them of violating US securities regulations by operating as unregistered exchanges.

It's the second time Binance has been targeted by US regulators this year, with the US Commodity Futures Trading Commission in March accusing the business of multiple "wilful" breaches of US trading law.

Binance has also been cut off from its local payments provider Cuscal, with users unable to deposit funds onto the platform.

James Roberts, CBA's general manager of group fraud management services, said the action from US regulators wasn't behind yesterday's decision, saying instead the company felt it "had to act" on the rising levels of crypto scams targeting its customers.

"There's a disproportionate number of scams where the proceeds are flowing out through cryptocurrency exchanges," Roberts said. "When money goes to those exchanges, we're finding it almost impossible to recover funds from those entities.

"It's not something we've taken lightly, as we do appreciate not everyone will be comfortable with the decision, but we have to put our customers' protection first."

Roberts says the bank sees a "very high percentage" of fraudulent outflows to crypto exchanges - far beyond what it sees to bank accounts - which he says was the catalyst to act.

"We have to act, we can't stand by and watch it go any further," he said.

Further measures set to be rolled out in the coming weeks by CBA include a $10,000 monthly limit for customers transacting with crypto exchanges, which Roberts said will still allow people to trade crypto while limiting the number of "catastrophic" scams.

Australia lacks meaningful cryptocurrency regulation, with the federal government in the process of designing new laws. It's likely those deliberations will continue into next year.

Roberts said CBA has been an advocate for better crypto regulation, noting the new restrictions could be eased off in the future if scam risks decrease. "These restrictions are not permanent. Should the risk improve to the point where it's at an acceptable level, that would be an inflection point for us to review these decisions to make sure we strike the right balance," he said.

Document SMHH000020230608ej6900012




General News
Winter is here for exchanges

Lex comment 
365 words
9 June 2023
The New Zealand Herald
NZHLD
A025
English
Copyright 2023 NZME Publishing Ltd. 

A regulatory Big Bang is engulfing cryptocurrency exchanges. In the span of 48 hours, the United States Securities and Exchange Commission has fixed two of the industry  s biggest operators in its sights.

On Monday, it accused Binance, the world  s largest crypto exchange, and founder Changpeng Zhao, of committing some of the same malfeasances that led to the collapse of Sam Bankman-Fried  s FTX. The SEC alleged Binance had diverted customer money and used secret trading firms to prop up trading volumes. A day later, the regulator sued Coinbase, the largest US crypto platform, for allegedly operating as an unregistered broker and dealing in unregistered securities.

Cynics would say the SEC is shutting the barn door after the horse had bolted. Cryptocurrency fraud has resulted in US$1 billion ($1.6b) of losses, a report from the Federal Trade Commission said last year. That was before FTX  s collapse.

Moreover, the SEC approved Coinbase going public with a direct listing in 2021. Why did it let the company sell shares to the public if it is an illegal, unregistered securities exchange?

Both Binance and Coinbase will fight the lawsuits. The outcome will be immaterial. The damage has been done. Crypto investors have pulled nearly US$800 million from Binance since the SEC unveiled its charges, according to research firm Nansen. Coinbase lost more than a fifth of its market value this week.

Cryptocurrency trading volumes on the two exchanges were already on the wane. The SEC, by expanding the list of tokens it deems to be unregistered securities in its complaints, will add to the downward pressure.

Mizuho, a bank, reckons more than 30 per cent of Coinbase  s revenue may be at risk. So called   alt-coins   ? tokens that are lesser known than bitcoin or ethereum ? accounted for half of Coinbase  s trading volume and transaction revenue last year.

The SEC  s case against Binance rattles confidence in single exchanges. It may hasten a shift towards using alternative peer-to-peer exchanges instead. But the crypto winter is turning into an ice age.

?Lex is a premium comment

service from the Financial Times

Document NZHLD00020230608ej690000j




Business
CBA  s crypto block to hit scammers

144 words
9 June 2023
Gold Coast Bulletin
GCBULL
GoldCoast
70
English
? News Pty Limited. No redistribution is permitted. 

Payments to some cryptocurrency exchanges would be declined, delayed and limited under new measures rolled out by Commonwealth Bank.

CBA announced the measures on Thursday as part of a scheme the bank said was aimed at protecting consumers from scammers exploiting cryptocurrencies.

CBA said it would impose 24-hour delays or decline transactions to certain cryptocurrency exchanges, but the bank declined to reveal which companies its measures would target.

Monthly transaction limits of $10,000 would also be imposed on cryptocurrency purchases in coming months.

CBA said it would continue to monitor how scammers   responded to the bank  s introduction of cryptocurrency controls. CBA group fraud management general manager James Roberts said scammers were exploiting interest in cryptocurrencies by   masquerading as legitimate investment   opportunities or diverting funds into cryptocurrency   exchanges  .

Gold Coast Bulletin-20230609-GoldCoast-70-000460632010 

Document GCBULL0020230608ej690001x




Business
Greatest innovation ever: AI to slash prices, guru insists

PAULINA DURAN 
893 words
9 June 2023
The Australian
AUSTLN
Australian
16
English
? News Pty Limited. No redistribution is permitted. 

Artificial intelligence offers a big opportunity to quickly bring global inflation down and regulators need to be careful not to thwart   the greatest innovation of all time  , one of the world  s highest- profile technology investors says.

Ark CEO Catherine Wood says AI will be adopted   in every area  , improving productivity in industries around the world and leading to falling prices globally. That would mean central bankers lifting interest rates because they saw current inflation as   sticky   were wrong.

  The market has been treating this inflation surge as a 70s-like episode. That we are in a mess. It  s not going away. It  s going to take years to unwind. It  s sticky,   Wood told attendees at the Morgan Stanley Australia Summit in Sydney on Thursday.

  And we have been looking at this and say: No, absolutely not,   she adds, arguing the inflationary pressures are a function of massive supply chain dislocations associated with a pandemic and a war.

  We  re going to see a much different monetary regimen going forward,   she says.   Why? Innovation is inherently deflationary. We  ll go negative, and then by this time next year, we  re all going to be talking about deflation, and the Fed will have not only pivoted, it will be running in the opposite   direction.   Central banks globally have been tackling high inflation with interest rate rises in the past year. This week, Australia  s and Canada  s central banks surprised investors by lifting their respective cash rates in attempts to bring inflation down.

The interest rates escalation has been a big hit to Ark  s flagship $US7bn ($10.5bn) Ark Innovation ETF, which almost tripled during the Covid-19 pandemic amid ultra-low rates, before losing two-thirds of its value as the much higher cost of money put pressure on unprofitable tech stocks.

  (AI) is one of the greatest innovations of all time,   she said.   When you increase the productivity of the planet ? which it will ? it will accelerate growth and lower inflation.   She says the cost of AI learning is falling by about 70 per cent per year, part of which will inevitably lead to lower prices elsewhere.

  The bigger risk and opportunity out there is deflation,   which she says would be   a very positive thing   ? particularly for her investments.

If deflation happened, it could also be   very harmful   to others, including mega-cap stocks.   The enemy of value strategies is   deflation,   she says, noting Google, is already grappling with the disruption brought by OpenAI  s ChatGPT.

She disagrees with the AI scientists and tech executives ? including Elon Musk ? who warn the black box algorithms behind AI could one day lead to humanity  s extinction, but notes the technology presents big challenges for regulators and policymakers.

  All technology can be used for nefarious purposes. I think the warnings out there are appropriate and I think regulators should be very thoughtful.   She said privacy laws in Europe that threaten companies with fines worth 4 per cent their revenues could   kill   innovation.   That regulatory hurdle is going to impact other companies around the world who want to do business with Europe, or else they  ll stop doing business with Europe, which is not practical. That highlights the issue out there.     I hope in the United States that our regulators are much more thoughtful than they have been in the blockchain space.   The European Union is expected to release a draft code of conduct for generative AI in coming months. The US is also months away from introducing a comprehensive set of artificial intelligence regulations to congress, setting guardrails for the industry.

  I think it will become a national (US) election issue next year,   Wood says. She says Ark  s largest holding ? electric car manufacturer Tesla ? is actually an AI play, as businesses developing AI expertise and harnessing expensive   proprietary data   will be the first to benefit from the technology.

  Tesla, with its four or five million robots roaming around the world, is collecting more data every day, and has collected more miles of real world driving data than all of the other auto companies and technology companies combined,   she says.   So it is our highest conviction name in the AI space.   Ark  s flagship ETF has an 11.7 per cent holding in Tesla, and a 6.5 per cent position on cryptocurrency platform Coinbase Global ? which, alongside competitor Binance, is being sued by the US Securities and Exchange Commis  sion, accused of operating un  lawful exchanges.

She calls SEC chair Gary Gensler a   menace to innovation in the United States  , saying the regulator  s moves are   leaving our country behind in the world of blockchain technology  .

Other top 10 holdings include payments company Block, e-commerce company Shopify, and video conferencing company Zoom.

Ark famously exited its position in Nvidia ? which produces the chips that power AI  s computing power ? between November 2022 and January this year, missing out on a major rally that saw the stock cross the trillion-dollar mark this year.

Wood, however, doubled down on that call, saying that at about 25 times its estimated revenues, the stock is   stretched  .   Many people do not know that Tesla has developed its own AI chip and pulled Nvidia out     she says.

The Australian-20230609-Australian-16-000460637816 

Document AUSTLN0020230608ej690000o




News
Banks put the brake on crypto

Ben Butler 
288 words
9 June 2023
The Advertiser
ADVTSR
Advertiser
6
English
? News Pty Limited. No redistribution is permitted. 

The Commonwealth Bank has taken action to stop or slow down transfers to cryptocurrency exchanges because of the risk of scams and fraud.

Australia  s biggest bank said that in coming months it will also limit customer payments for crypto, such as bitcoin, to $10,000 a month.

The CBA  s move comes after Westpac last month banned transfers to the world  s biggest crypto exchange, Binance, and Binance  s Australian payment processor, Cuscal, cut it off from the PayID system.

The CBA said on Thursday it began restricting transfers to crypto exchanges by either putting them on hold for 24 hours or denying them altogether.

Its head of fraud, James Roberts, said scammers had capitalised on the booming interest in crypto by   masquerading as legitimate investment opportunities or diverting funds into cryptocurrency exchanges  .

  With the incidences of scams increasing and in many cases customers suffering significant losses from being scammed, the introduction of 24-hour holds, declines and limits on outbound payments to cryptocurrency exchanges will help reduce both the number of scams and the amount of money lost by customers.   Massive scam losses by Australians have put pressure on the banks to take action to curb the problem.

Australians lost a record $3.1bn to scams last year, according to a report released by the Australian Competition and Consumer Commission in April.

Mr Roberts said customers making payments to crypto exchanges faced higher risks of being scammed.

  While these measures will not eliminate the risk ... they are ... designed to help customers reduce their risk of falling victim to a scam,   he said. Crypto losses boomed by 162 per cent last year.

The Advertiser-20230609-Advertiser-6-000460637655 

Document ADVTSR0020230608ej690001c




Business
Animoca to focus on   progressive markets  

Xinmei Shen 
426 words
9 June 2023
South China Morning Post
SCMP
B2
English
(c) 2023  South China Morning Post Publishers Limited, Hong Kong. All rights reserved. 

Hong Kong-based blockchain firm Animoca Brands said it was focusing more on markets outside the US after the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) labelled the firm  s Sand cryptocurrency token an unregistered security in lawsuits against the exchanges Binance and Coinbase Global.

Sand is the native crypto  currency token used by Animoca  s metaverse platform The Sandbox, and it was one of more than a dozen such tokens to have been explicitly named by the SEC as securities, with others including Solana, Polygon and Mana, the token used in the Decentraland virtual world. The SEC action raises legal risks for any   companies selling these tokens.

  Animoca Brands is not focused on a single territory but operates globally,   company co-founder and chairman Yat Siu said via email.

  The SEC focuses on the US, so that should not have an impact on Animoca Brands in broader markets where Sand is widely available and accepted, including in more progressive jurisdictions like Hong Kong and Japan.  

Animoca has   started to take steps to place more emphasis on other markets  , Siu said, because of the recent   blockchain-hostile   approach in the US.

Coinbase CEO Brian Armstrong has said his firm had no plans to delist tokens named by the SEC, setting it up for a legal fight over what types of cryptocurrency constituted a security.

However, the SEC  s actions could affect other exchanges.

Dan Gallagher, chief legal compliance and corporate affairs officer for US brokerage Robinhood Markets, told a   congressional committee this week the firm could not simply list tokens through its   registered broker, in part because of rules regarding   issuer disclosure  , since many tokens were created by organisations   outside the US that did not follow SEC rules.

  We are actively reviewing the SEC analysis to determine what, if any, actions to take   regarding Robinhood  s current cryptocurrency offerings, Gallagher said.

Last August, Binance.US said it would delist a token called Amp   out of an abundance of caution   after the SEC identified it as an unregistered security in a separate lawsuit.

At the heart of the issue for the SEC is whether a token was used for fundraising and buyers expected a return on their investment.

The SEC complaints against Binance and Coinbase say Sand purportedly raised US$3 million through private sales on Binance.com and holders were led   reasonably to view Sand as an investment in and to expect to profit from [the firm  s] efforts to grow the Sandbox protocol  .

xinmei.shen@scmp.com 

Document SCMP000020230608ej690000j




Business
HK, Singapore seek balance on digital assets

Biman Mukherji and Kimberly Lim 
747 words
9 June 2023
South China Morning Post
SCMP
B2
English
(c) 2023  South China Morning Post Publishers Limited, Hong Kong. All rights reserved. 

Moves by American regulator against Binance and Coinbase spook investors just as the two cities try to establish themselves as trading hubs

US regulatory action against two major cryptocurrency exchanges, Coinbase and Binance, is likely to serve as a reference point for Hong Kong and Singapore as they seek to balance growth with investor safety, analysts have said.

The crackdown is the latest in a series of measures by the US Securities and Exchange Commis  sion (SEC), which has levied fines and other penalties against cryptocurrency-lending firms, following the collapse of FTX ? one of the most reliable exchanges ? last November that sparked public concern.

The SEC said Coinbase had acted as a broker, exchange and clearing agency for investments without proper registration.

The complaint came a day after the regulator sued Binance, alleging it had tried to evade US regulation.

Binance said the enforcement action was unwarranted and al    leged it was a regulatory   overreach   that damaged the United States   status as a global financial hub.

Paul Grewal, Coinbase  s general counsel, said in a statement that the company would continue operating as usual and had   demonstrated commitment to compliance  , according to Reuters.

The developments spooked investor sentiment just as Hong Kong is seeking to frame regulations to establish itself as a trading hub along with Singa  pore, which already has such a framework.

The two cities may look at the US action as a reference point, which could mean tighter scrutiny even in the Asian hubs, analysts say.

  There will be a fallout for sure. Hong Kong and Singapore are taking measures to regulate the cryptocurrency industry by proposing new licensing regimes for virtual asset trading platforms,   said Anndy Lian, Singapore-based author of the book NFT: From Zero to Hero.

Hayden Hughes, chief executive and co-founder of Alpha Impact, a social trading platform, said a key takeaway from the incident for Asian hubs like Hong Kong was to have   regulatory clarity  .

But it was unlikely the issue would deter cryptocurrency exchanges from seeking approval from Hong Kong and Singapore authorities, he said, highlighting the two cities would gain from establishing clear rules and a licensing framework.

  Asian hubs can focus on their core mission of protecting the retail investors. There is absolutely no incentive for regulators to move fast and break things,   Hughes said.

Unlike Singapore and Hong Kong, the US has yet to come up with a comprehensive set of regulations that allows cryptocurrency and blockchain firms to operate transparently without fear of regulatory action.

  The war that the US is waging on cryptocurrencies shows no signs of abating, and it will only intensify as time wears on,   said Julian Hosp, chief executive and co- founder of Cake Group, a fast- growing digital assets innovator in Southeast Asia.

The regulator  s action was part of a larger trend which was likely to continue into the 2024 presidential election, Hosp said.

The Securities and Futures Commission in Hong Kong had requested feedback on a proposal that would require virtual asset trading platform operators to obtain the same type of licences as securities traders, Lian said, adding that it had asked other firms who were not applying to prepare for an orderly closure.

Securities, as opposed to other financial assets, are strictly regulated and require detailed disclosures to inform investors of potential risks.

  These developments indicate that cryptocurrency exchanges seeking approval in Hong Kong and Singapore will have to adhere to new regulatory requirements and may be subject to increased scrutiny from regulators,   Lian said.

But new regulations could help establish the legitimacy of the cryptocurrency industry and potentially attract more investors and businesses at a time people were increasingly wary of the US market, analysts said.

  The SEC  s lawsuit primarily focuses on actions that have taken place in the United States and their impact on American citizens,   said Rajagopal Menon, vice-president of WazirX, India  s leading cryptocurrency exchange.

  As for regulators in Hong Kong, such as the Securities and Futures Commission, and Dubai  s Virtual Asset Regulatory Authority, the SEC  s lawsuit can serve as a point of reference or information. However, it does not automatically alter their regulatory stance or trigger immediate action,   he added.

Though the US action on Binance and Coinbase might not have a direct impact on other regions, Menon conceded that it could potentially have some indirect influence on their decision-making processes.

Document SCMP000020230608ej690000m




Front Page Business
Winklevoss twins look to expand their crypto business in S'pore

Claire Huang, Winklevoss twins look to expand their crypto business in S'pore 
1,259 words
9 June 2023
The Straits Times
STIMES
English
? 2023 SPH Media Limited 

The twin brothers who founded New York-based Gemini are looking to grow the cryptocurrency exchange in Singapore as part of a strategy to diversify outside the United States, where the authorities are cracking down on the sector.

Messrs Tyler and Cameron Winklevoss, 41, were in town to meet financial regulators, lawmakers and customers as part of a world trip which also included cities such as London, Dublin, Dubai and Hong Kong.

In an exclusive interview on Tuesday, co-founder Tyler Winklevoss told The Straits Times that Gemini plans to quadruple its headcount in Singapore to 100 within the next 12 months.

"A large part of our customer base is in the US and our goal is to flip that in the coming year," said Mr Cameron Winklevoss. "We're not leaving the US, but we're definitely not going to be focused heavily or investing a lot more there."

Gemini has a presence in about 70 countries and counts Singapore as the second-largest market after the US in number of customers.

The firm's Singapore arm -- Gemini Trust Company -- has permission from the Monetary Authority of Singapore (MAS) to operate here while its application for a major payment institution licence is being processed.

The licence will allow it to offer a full range of digital token payment services here.

The billionaire brothers said they plan to build up a team of about 50 in India before the end of 2023.

They also have their eyes on Hong Kong, which has recently been aggressively wooing crypto players in a bid to position itself as a crypto hub that caters to retail investors.

The Asia-Pacific region will be a huge part of the next wave of crypto growth, said Mr Cameron Winklevoss, who added that he expects growth to come from the Middle East and North Africa.

Gemini's business comprises the exchange, where more than 100 cryptocurrencies are traded, a non-fungible token platform called Nifty Gateway, a staking product, a credit card and the Gemini dollar, which is a US-dollar-backed stablecoin.

These products and services are mostly available to both institutional and retail investors, said Mr Tyler Winklevoss.

In May, Gemini launched a derivatives platform called Gemini Foundation in 30 markets outside the US, including Hong Kong and Singapore.

The twins' move to build up core markets comes on the back of a deepening clampdown on crypto in the US.

Just this week, multiple civil charges have been laid on two prominent exchanges with fears of more to come.

Binance, which is the world's largest exchange, was sued along with its founder Zhao Changpeng.

The US Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) on Monday alleged that Binance and Mr Zhao operated an illegal trading platform in the US and misused customers' funds, among others.

A day later, Nasdaq-listed Coinbase was accused by the SEC of operating as an unregistered exchange and broker.

It is the largest exchange in the US, and has also received an in-principle approval from MAS to operate in Singapore.

Regulatory troubles for crypto exchanges in the US were already brewing before this week.

The US authorities swooped down on the sector following the collapse of Sam Bankman-Fried's FTX exchange in 2022, which resulted in billions in customer losses. Former backers such as Singapore's investment company Temasek and global fund manager Sequoia Capital have written off hundreds of millions.

In January, Gemini and now insolvent crypto trading firm Genesis Global Capital were charged by the SEC for the unregistered offer and sale of securities to retail investors through a high-yielding crypto asset lending programme called Gemini Earn.

The programme allowed Gemini customers to loan their crypto assets to Genesis in exchange for interest.

The firms have asked a US court to dismiss the SEC lawsuit.

Genesis filed for bankruptcy days after the lawsuit. It was dragged down by crypto hedge fund Three Arrows Capital, which went insolvent after FTX fell.

More than 340,000 Gemini users' assets said to be worth over US$700 million (S$943 million) were tied up in Genesis when it went bankrupt, including assets of users from Singapore.

This led to a public Twitter row between the twins and venture capital firm Digital Currency Group (DCG) chief executive Barry Silbert.

DCG is Genesis' parent company and is backed by Singapore sovereign wealth fund GIC.

In February, Mr Cameron Winklevoss tweeted that Gemini and other creditors had come to an in-principle agreement with Genesis, paving the way for Gemini Earn users to recover some of their assets.

The Winklevosses told ST that they are deeply disappointed by and disagreed with the US approach to regulating crypto.

Start-ups are now being established in the boardrooms of law firms, and new products now have to be screened by an army of lawyers, said Mr Tyler Winklevoss.

"If innovating requires you to raise millions of dollars to hire lawyers just to get started, you're limiting the population of people who can compete in this marketplace and ultimately, you're making the marketplace less competitive, which is bad for innovation and consumers," he added.

Mr Cameron Winklevoss pointed out that the US Commodity Futures Trading Commission views crypto as a commodity, while the SEC and the New York Attorney-General say it is a security.

"It's taken almost a decade and they still can't give (clear) rules and guidance. That's just not right.

"Imagine if there was that kind of confusion on what a share of Apple stock was, there would be no Apple, there'd be no Silicon Valley, there'd be no start-ups. That's the state of confusion right now for crypto in the US," he said.

The industry's dispute with the US authorities has added pressure to the global crypto sector, which was first hit by the string of insolvencies in 2022 and now rising interest rates.

In April, the twins reportedly made a US$100 million loan to Gemini to support its operations.

Amid the downturn, crypto firms, including Gemini, slashed thousands of jobs globally.

But the brothers told ST they do not have plans for future layoffs.

Asked about how some companies in this space are struggling, the twins remain confident of getting through the winter.

Despite the downturn that followed multiple crypto company failures in 2022, activity on the blockchain, which enables crypto development, has increased.

These include decentralised finance trading, lending and borrowing, noted Mr Cameron Winklevoss, who added that many types of crypto protocols are being built on various blockchains, while parts of traditional finance are being rebuilt.

He said trading figures show that the crypto market has been reducing its debt.

He noted that the best performing asset in 2023 is still Bitcoin, which has risen by 60 per cent to trade at around US$26,000.

In comparison, the Nasdaq Composite index is up by just over 26 per cent year to date, while the S&P500 index has gained just around 12 per cent.

 exchange Gemini's co-founders, twins Tyler (at left) and Cameron Winklevoss, plan to quadruple its headcount in Singapore to 100 within the next 12 months. Gemini has a presence in about 70 countries and counts Singapore as the second-largest market after the US in number of customers. ST PHOTO: EUGENE TAN 

Document STIMES0020230608ej69004iw


Philippines Government Accredited Company IMPERO and Coinstore Forge Strategic Partnership to Drive Blockchain and Web3 Advancements in Southeast Asia

Coinstore.com; PR Newswire 
708 words
8 June 2023
20:00
PR Newswire Asia
PRNASI
English
Copyright ?  2023  PR Newswire Association LLC.  All Rights Reserved. 

SINGAPORE, June 9, 2023 /PRNewswire/ -- IMPERO Consortium Management Corp. (IMPERO) and Coinstore Pte. Ltd. recently announced their strategic partnership, garnering significant industry attention. This collaboration aims to unlock the potential of the cryptocurrency market in the Philippines and Southeast Asia while driving the advancement of Web3 technology and finance. By joining forces, IMPERO and Coinstore will explore new opportunities in blockchain and fintech, fostering exciting developments in the region.

The partnership between IMPERO and Coinstore holds immense potential for reshaping the landscape of blockchain, fintech, and Web3 technologies. Emmanuel Samson, Founder and CEO of Impero Corp and member of the GICC-Impero Consortium says, "Through this initiative, businesses can register to obtain an Offshore Digital Asset License (ODAL), offering them a regulated and well-organized community to operate within. We are excited to provide this opportunity for businesses to thrive."

With a global focus, the collaboration will leverage the blockchain ecosystem established by the Authority of the Freeport Area of Bataan (AFAB) in the Philippines, the first legally mandated blockchain ecosystem under Republic Act 11453, which fosters an enabling environment for innovation and growth.

Key initiatives of this partnership include providing Coinstore with representation in expanding global markets and identifying and managing potential business opportunities in blockchain, fintech, Web 3.0, and emerging markets. The collaboration will leverage AFAB's three pillars: monitoring through audit, enabling environment, and ease of doing business.

"We want to be the exchange to connect between different Southeast Asian countries, resources, and help each other to grow," emphasizes James Toh, Global Head of Business Development at Coinstore. "Our goal is to facilitate collaboration and development within the region."

A primary objective of this collaboration is to develop a robust business model and effective affiliate marketing strategy that aligns with IMPERO's goals, starting with a focus on the Offshore Digital Assets License (ODAL) business within AFAB. Both IMPERO and Coinstore will actively engage with clients and potential partners, fostering a collaborative approach to maximizing success.

Over the coming months, the joint venture aims to introduce quality blockchain projects globally under AFAB's blockchain ecosystem. Coinstore will assist in the assessment and curation of projects based on strict criteria set by IMPERO. The development of AFAB's digital ecosystem allows Web3 businesses and entities to focus on their objectives while benefiting from AFAB's auditing, monitoring, enabling environment, and ease of doing business practices.

The collaboration between IMPERO and Coinstore not only holds immense potential for the Philippines but also aligns with the global growth trajectory of the Web3 market. Market research and consulting company Acumen Research & Consulting projects the global Web3 market to reach $81.9 billion by 2032, with a compound annual growth rate of 44.5%. Targeting the Asia-Pacific region, where Web3's compound annual growth rate is approximately 47%, is of great significance. CoinGecko's research also highlights the Philippines' strong interest in Web 3 gaming-related searches from 2021 to 2023. By seizing the Web3 market in this region, IMPERO and Coinstore are well-positioned to drive regional economic growth, empower local blockchain practitioners, and deliver tangible benefits to users.

As the partnership unfolds, IMPERO and Coinstore's combined expertise and capabilities will continue to drive transformative advancements in the blockchain and fintech space. This collaboration empowers businesses, individuals, and the broader ecosystem by offering innovative solutions and opportunities for growth.

The AFAB, an autonomous region and economic zone with its own charter and mandate, offers economic incentives to foreign investors. In August 2019, a law was signed creating a legally mandated ecosystem for blockchain, fintech, cryptocurrency, AI, and other emerging technologies within the Freeport Area of Bataan, the first in the Philippines. The business model includes the "Offshore Digital Asset License" offered by AFAB.

Coinstore.com Social Media

Twitter | Discord | Facebook | Instagram | Youtube | TikTok

Telegram Discussion | Telegram Announcement

View original content: https://www.prnewswire.com/apac/news-releases/philippines-government-accredited-company-impero-and-coinstore-forge-strategic-partnership-to-drive-blockchain-and-web3-advancements-in-southeast-asia-301843028.html

SOURCE Coinstore.com

Yvonne Teo, Marketing Manager, yvonne@coinstore.com 

202306082000PR_NEWS_ASPR_____AE19452 

Document PRNASI0020230609ej6900001




MIL-OSI USA: Van Hollen, Warren Request DOJ Investigation of Crypto Exchange Binance  s Potentially False Statements to Congress

1,983 words
9 June 2023
ForeignAffairs.co.nz
PARALL
English
Copyright 2023.  Multimedia Investments Ltd.  All rights reserved. 

US Senate News:

Source: United States Senator for Maryland Chris Van HollenJune 08, 2023New SEC Complaint Against Binance Indicates Company  s Responses to Senators   Questions About Business Practices Aren  t TrueU.S. Senators Chris Van Hollen (D-Md.) and Elizabeth Warren (D-Mass.), both members of the Senate Banking Committee, sent a letter to Attorney General Merrick Garland asking the Department of Justice (DOJ) to investigate the crypto exchanges Binance and Binance.US for potentially making a series of false statements to Congress. The Senators   request to the DOJ comes as the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) filed a complaint against Binance for "blatant disregard of the federal securities laws and the investor and market protections these laws provide." The allegations in the SEC  s filing indicate that Binance and Binance.US responses to the Senators   March 2023 letters about their business practices are not true - a possible violation of federal law. "In short, Binance and Binance.US made two representations to Congress: that Binance and Binance.US were   separate entities,   and that Binance.US   prioritized regulatory compliance   and had   best-in-class compliance function.   If the allegations in the SEC filing are accurate, then it would appear that neither of these claims are true," wrote the Senators. On March 1, 2023, Senators Van Hollen, Warren, and Roger Marshall (R-Kan.) wrote to the CEOs of Binance and Binance.US asking about the companies   structure, operations, and practices to ensure compliance with anti-money laundering, countering financing of terrorism, and know-your-customer laws, including questions about the relationship between Binance and Binance.US and the companies   compliance policies. The Senators are releasing Binance  s response to their questions and because Binance.US claimed its response was confidential, will share these responses with the DOJ on a confidential basis. The Senators note that both Binance and Binance.US claimed that they were separate entities - however, the SEC  s filing said, "(Binance CEO Changpeng) Zhao and Binance created BAM Management and BAM Trading in the United States and claimed publicly that these entities independently controlled the operation of the Binance.US Platform. Behind the scenes, however, Zhao and Binance were intimately involved in directing BAM Trading  s U.S. business operations and providing and maintaining the crypto asset services of the Binance.US Platform." Binance claimed that it has "prioritized regulatory compliance" and Binance.US also claimed that "(P)rotecting our customers and providing the best possible experience has beenBAM Trading  s primary goal. These efforts are grounded in a best-in-class compliance function." However, the SEC  s filing said, "When the Binance.US Platform launched in 2019, Binance announced that it was implementing controls to block U.S. customers from the Binance.com Platform. In reality, Binance did the opposite. Zhao directed Binance to assist certain high-value U.S. customers in circumventing those controls and to do so surreptitiously because?as Zhao himself acknowledged?Binance did not want to   be held accountable   for these actions.""This is a serious matter. In this case, a bipartisan group of senators was seeking information on the cryptocurrency industry in order to inform an ongoing legislative process and determine whether new laws are needed to address the risks from cryptocurrencies and cryptocurrency exchanges - and it appears that Binance and Binance.US undermined this important investigation and the legislative process by providing false and misleading information to Congress. These actions by Binance and Binance.US represent a potential violation of federal law that may subject company officials to fines and imprisonment, and the Department should, in conjunction with the ongoing SEC complaint, conduct a rapid and thorough investigation of this matter," concluded Senators Van Hollen and Warren. Text of Binance responses to Senators   letter can be found here.Full text of the letter can be found here and below.Dear Attorney General Garland:We write to provide you with evidence indicating that the cryptocurrency exchanges Binance and Binance.US, which are now the subject of a June 5, 2023 U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) complaint for "blatant disregard of the federal securities laws and the investor and market protections these laws provide," may have also made a series of false statements to Congress when they responded to our March 1, 2023 letter about their business practices. Specifically, Binance indicated in its written response to the Senators that Binance and its U.S.-based exchange Binance.US were "separate entities," and that Binance.US "prioritized regulatory compliance." Binance.US made similar claims in its response. The allegations in the SEC complaint indicate that the statements made by these companies are not true.Under federal law, any individual that "knowingly and willfully    falsifies, conceals or covers up    a material fact;    [or] makes any materially false, fictitious, or fraudulent statement or representation," in conjunction with "any investigation or review, conducted pursuant to the authority of any committee, subcommittee, commission or office of the Congress," is subject to a fine or imprisonment of up to five years.We wrote to the CEOs of Binance and Binance.US on March 1, 2023 asking a series of questions about the companies   structure, operations, and practices to ensure compliance with anti-money laundering, countering financing of terrorism, and know-your-customer laws. Our specific questions included inquiries about "the relationship between Binance and Binance.US," and about the companies   compliance policies.Binance and Binance.US responded to that letter on March 16, 2023, providing us with a 14- page and 5-page response, respectively. We are releasing the Binance letter today in order to facilitate the U.S. Departent of Justice  s (the Department) investigation of this matter. Because Binance.US claimed that its response was confidential, we are not releasing that letter today, but will provide that to the Department on a confidential basis.In its letter, Binance.US insisted that Binance and Binance.US were separate entities:At the outset, we want to make clear that BAM Trading and Binance.com are distinct and independent legal entities that are operationally independent. Binance.com owns zero percent of BAM Trading, and BAM Trading is not a subsidiary?de facto or otherwise?of Binance.com. Although Mr. Zhao owns a substantial percentage of BAM Trading and sits on its board, these are separate legal entities with separate corporate structures, governed by separate articles of incorporation, with separate boards, separate leadership teams, separate employee bases and separate policies and procedures (including for compliance, finance and other control functions.)Binance made similar claims in its response:Binance leadership determined [in 2018] that the best path forward would be to (1) launch a separate entity for U.S. users that would register in the U.S. and only offer U.S. compliant products and (2) offboard U.S. users from Binance. Consistent with this approach, the establishment of Binance.US was announced on June 13, 2019, and the platform launched on September 24, 2019, as a compliant platform for U.S. users."Though both Binance.com and Binance.US are ultimately owned by [Changpeng Zhao] and [Mr. Zhao] is a board member of Binance.US. Binance.com and Binance.US are separate entities?contrary to suggestions in public reporting, Binance.US is not a subsidiary of Binance.But according to this week  s SEC filing:As one part of [a] plan to evade United States regulatory oversight over Zhao, Binance, and the Binance.com Platform, Zhao and Binance created BAM Management and BAM Trading in the United States and claimed publicly that these entities independently controlled the operation of the Binance.US Platform. Behind the scenes, however, Zhao and Binance were intimately involved in directing BAM Trading  s U.S. business operations and providing and maintaining the crypto asset services of the Binance.US Platform. BAM Trading employees referred to Zhao  s and Binance  s control of BAM Trading  s operations as "shackles" that often prevented BAM Trading employees from understanding and freely conducting the business of running and operating the Binance.US Platform ?so much so that, by November 2020, BAM Trading  s then-CEO told Binance  s CFO that her "entire team feels like [it had] been duped into being a puppet."Similarly, Binance informed us in its March 16, 2023 response that it was focusing on ensuring that Binance.US was complying with U.S. laws:Around the same time that Binance.US was launched, Binance changed its Terms of Use to prohibit U.S. users and began informing U.S. users that they were no longer permitted on the Binance platform. Binance also began to augment its KYC protocols to flag persons attempting to use U.S. documents, such as U.S. passports, as proof of identity when registering on the Binance.com platform. Over time, Binance continued to enhance its restrictions on U.S. persons, including by implementing IP and mobile carrier blocking and by working with external experts to review its geofencing capabilities. Binance  s efforts to offboard and restrict U.S. users were implemented over time and were not perfect in the early years of this effort.Binance has prioritized regulatory compliance as it has grown: as Binance announced in its 2022 End of Year Report, "[c]omplying with existing regulations and participating in the creation of new regulatory frameworks that enable financial innovation while protecting users are Binance  s top priorities.Binance.US made similar claims, stating that:[P]rotecting our customers and providing the best possible experience has been BAM Trading  s primary goal. These efforts are grounded in a best-in-class compliance function designed with Bank Secrecy Act ("BSA"), Anti-Money Laundering ("AML") compliance, including robust transaction monitoring and Know Your Customer/Customer Due Diligence ("KYC/CDD") controls.    We pride ourselves on the culture of compliance we  ve built, which stems from our leadership and permeates throughout our company through comprehensive training for all relevant employees. In recent years, BAM Trading has spent substantial resources to grow its compliance team and improve its compliance program by strengthening its policies and procedures, investing in automated systems, and increasing its staff both in terms of quantity of personnel and the breadth and depth of their compliance experience.But, according to the SEC complaint:When the Binance.US Platform launched in 2019, Binance announced that it was implementing controls to block U.S. customers from the Binance.com Platform. In reality, Binance did the opposite. Zhao directed Binance to assist certain highvalue U.S. customers in circumventing those controls and to do so surreptitiously because?as Zhao himself acknowledged?Binance did not want to "be held accountable" for these actions. As the Binance CCO explained, "[o]n the surface we cannot be seen to have US users[,] but in reality, we should get them through other creative means."In short, Binance and Binance.US made two representations to Congress: that Binance and Binance.US were "separate entities," and that Binance.US "prioritized regulatory compliance" and had "best-in-class compliance function." If the allegations in the SEC filing are accurate, then it would appear that neither of these claims are true.This is a serious matter. In this case, a bipartisan group of Senators was seeking information on the cryptocurrency industry in order to inform an ongoing legislative process and determine whether new laws are needed to address the risks from cryptocurrencies and cryptocurrency exchanges - and it appears that Binance and Binance.US undermined this important investigation and the legislative process by providing false and misleading information to Congress. These actions by Binance and Binance.US represent a potential violation of federal law that may subject company officials to fines and imprisonment, and the Department should, in conjunction with the ongoing SEC complaint, conduct a rapid and thorough investigation of this matter.Sincerely,

MIL OSI USA News -

Document PARALL0020230609ej690000r


 Xavier Valent: Auckland boy turned cartel boss sentenced for role as drug syndicate mastermindJust now
Newstalk ZB, 20:21, 8 June 2023, 2074 words, (English)
In his heyday Xavier Valent travelled the world pulling the strings of a syndicate that flooded New Zealand with meth and other drugs.Now the 34-year-old, who spent time at Auckland Grammar before he graduated from small time dealer to a ...



United States tightens crackdown on crypto with lawsuits against Coinbase, Binance

877 words
9 June 2023
The Telegraph
ABPTEL
English
? 2023. ABP Pvt. Ltd. 

The top US?securities regulator sued cryptocurrency platform Coinbase on Tuesday, the second lawsuit in two days against a major crypto exchange, in a dramatic escalation of a crackdown on the industry and one that could dramatically transform a market that has largely operated outside regulation.

The US?Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) on Monday took aim at?Binance, the world's largest cryptocurrency exchange. The SEC accuses?Binance?and its CEO Changpeng Zhao of operating a "web of deception".

If successful, the lawsuits could transform the crypto market by successfully asserting the SEC's jurisdiction over the industry which for years has argued that tokens do not constitute securities and should not be regulated by the SEC.

"The two cases are different, but overlap and point in the same direction: the SEC's increasingly aggressive campaign to bring cryptocurrencies under the jurisdiction of the federal securities laws," said Kevin O'Brien, a partner at Ford O'Brien Landy and a former federal prosecutor, adding, however, that the SEC has not previously taken on such major crypto players.

"If the SEC prevails in either case, the cryptocurrency industry will be transformed."

In its complaint filed in Manhattan federal court, the SEC said Coinbase has since at least 2019 made billions of dollars by operating as a middleman on crypto transactions, while evading disclosure requirements meant to protect investors.

The SEC said Coinbase traded at least 13 crypto assets that are securities that should have been registered, including tokens such as Solana, Cardano and Polygon.

Coinbase suffered about $1.28 billion of net customer outflows following the lawsuit, according to initial estimates from data firm Nansen. Shares of Coinbase's parent Coinbase Global Inc closed down $7.10, or 12.1%, at $51.61 after earlier falling as much as 20.9%. They are up 46% this year.

Paul Grewal, Coinbase's general counsel, in a statement said the company will continue operating as usual and has "demonstrated commitment to compliance."

Oanda senior market analyst Ed Moya said the SEC "looks like it's playing Whac-A-Mole with crypto exchanges," and because most exchanges offer a range of tokens that operate on blockchain protocols targeted by regulators, "it seems like this is just the beginning."

Leading cryptocurrency bitcoin has been a paradoxical beneficiary of the crackdown.

After an initial plunge to a nearly three-month low of $25,350 following the?Binance?suit, bitcoin rebounded by more than $2,000, exceeding the previous day's high.

"The SEC is making life nearly impossible for several altcoins and that is actually driving some crypto traders back into bitcoin," explained Oanda's Moya.

Securities, as opposed to other assets such as commodities, are strictly regulated and require detailed disclosures to inform investors of potential risks. The Securities Act of 1933 outlined a definition of the term "security," yet many experts rely on two U.S. Supreme Court cases to determine if an investment product constitutes a security.

SEC Chair Gary Gensler has long said tokens constitute securities and has steadily asserted its authority over the crypto market, focusing initially on the sale of tokens and interest-bearing crypto products. More recently, it has taken aim at unregistered crypto broker dealer, exchange trading and clearing activity.

While a few crypto companies are licensed as alternative system trading systems, a type of trading platform used by brokers to trade listed securities, no crypto platform operates as a full-blown stock exchange. The SEC also this year sued Beaxy Digital and Bittrex Global for failing to register as an exchange, clearing house and broker.

"The whole business model is built on a noncompliance with the U.S. securities laws and we're asking them to come into compliance," Gensler told CNBC.

Crypto companies refute that tokens meet the definition of a security, say the SEC's rules are ambiguous, and that the SEC is overstepping its authority in trying to regulate them. Still, many companies have boosted compliance, shelved products and expanded outside the country in response to the crackdown.

Kristin Smith, CEO of the Blockchain Association trade group, rejected Gensler's efforts to oversee the industry.

"We're confident the courts will prove Chair Gensler wrong in due time," she said.

Founded in 2012, Coinbase recently served more than 108 million customers and ended March with $130 billion of customer crypto assets and funds on its balance sheet. Transactions generated 75% of its $3.15 billion of net revenue last year.

Tuesday's SEC lawsuit seeks civil fines, the recouping of ill-gotten gains and injunctive relief.

On Monday, the SEC accused?Binance?of inflating trading volumes, diverting customer funds, improperly commingling assets, failing to restrict U.S. customers from its platform, and misleading customers about its controls.

Binance?pledged to vigorously defend itself against the lawsuit, which it said reflected the SEC's "misguided and conscious refusal" to provide clarity to the crypto industry.

Customers pulled around $790 million from?Binance?and its U.S. affiliate following the lawsuit, Nansen said.

On Tuesday, the SEC filed a motion to freeze assets belonging to?Binance.US,?Binance's U.S. affiliate. The holding company of?Binance?is based in the Cayman Islands.

Document ABPTEL0020230609ej69000c0


News
Simsek blows kisses to investors in bid to rescue Turkish economy, but Erdogan lurks

Akin Nazli in Belgrade 
1,209 words
8 June 2023
20:50
bne IntelliNews
BNEINT
English
? 2023. bne IntelliNews. All Rights reserved. 

With Turkey never far from a headline that suggests it  s set for a financial implosion, newly appointed finance minister Mehmet Simsek has his work cut out trying to persuade international investors to return to a country where so many have had their fingers badly burned.

On the one hand, Turkey is desperate for quick capital inflows, on the other it has a re-elected president, Recep Tayyip Erdogan, who  s famous for peculiar monetary and other economic policies that tend to trigger panicky outflows. So the global markets want to be damn sure that it  s Simsek?a former Merrill Lynch regional chief economist in London who  s on his second stint as Erdogan  s financial czar?who  s in control and not the strange strongman.

Simsek knows his immediate priority is strengthening his ministry  s team and designing a credible programme. On June 8, Simsek (@memetsimsek), who was appointed as finance minister six days earlier, blew some kisses to investors, sending out an English-language tweet.   Our guiding principles   will be transparency, consistency, accountability and predictability,   he wrote.

He also affirmed his commitment to rules-based policy making to enhance said predictability. There are no short cuts or quick fixes, he avowed.

In Turkish-language tweets, Simsek asked for patience and time.   Please do not trust any news or rumours that you have not heard from me regarding our practices and policies,   he wrote.

The tweets amounted to the first communication to the outside world by Simsek since he said on June 4 during the ceremony for Erdogan  s new cabinet:   Turkey has no alternative but to return back to rational ground. A rule-based Turkish economy would help us reach long-awaited prosperity.  

Fifty-six-year-old Simsek  s a veteran pro by now. He knows the keywords, the buzzwords and the jargon, and he knows the required steps to attract hot money inflows. Analysts don  t know if he  s convinced Erdogan to hike rates. Does he know?

Speculation suggests that Hafize Gaye Erkan, a finance industry professional who served as co-CEO at First Republic Bank in the US, will be appointed central bank governor. The incumbent, Sahap Kavcioglu, remains in his post, however.

To recap, the Erdogan regime needs those hot money inflows. To play ball, the finance industry is demanding a chunky lira devaluation in advance as well as a shock policy rate hike further down the road.

In the bargaining for the devaluation, 25 and 27 to the dollar are among the numbers regularly talked of for the USD/TRY pair, while a benchmark rate of 25% has been suggested by some investment banks as the figure Turkey  s next rate-setting meeting should go for.

Prior to Simsek  s appointment, the visible impacts of the overvalued lira on the real economy and the gaping trade deficit suggested that a devaluation was inevitable.

In such a case, an ongoing controlled devaluation will continue until the first monetary policy committee (MPC) meeting. Then, a front-loaded rate hike will open the doors for a flood of hot money. If a 30-40% USD-denominated return in a few months of maturity is on the table via government lira papers, it will be hard for the finance industry to say No.

If the rate hikes are delivered gradually, then the portfolio inflows will be limited. The finance industry will hold back until the policy rate reaches its peak.

The next rate-setting meeting is scheduled for June 22. The key rate currently stands at 8.5%. For May, the Turkish Statistical Institute (TUIK, or TurkStat) released official consumer price index (CPI) inflation at 39.59% y/y.

After delivering a front-loaded hike that would bring the policy rate to above 20%, the central bank could argue that the hike will bring official inflation to below the policy rate. Given that the TUIK will be expected to deliver the required inflation figures, there  ll be a guarantee that more rate hikes would not be a risk.

On June 8, the USD/TRY rate in the interbank market remained in the 23s after posting a 6% d/d jump a day ago. A new record high of 23.56 was registered on June 7.

Free marketpricesat the Grand Bazaar in Istanbul were also hovering in the 23s. Lately, the gap between the interbank and the Bazaar rates has narrowed with the government allowing the lira to depreciate in the interbank market.

Turkey  s FX market has long been marked by its lack of free status. The Erdogan regime has been controlling the interbank market via government-run banks.

Amid the booming lira supply and hard currency outflows via unprecedented tradedeficits, officials have only managed to keep something of a grip on the lira by strong-arming bankers into blocking (non-capital controls) and suppressing (macroprudential measures) domestic FX demand. Also supportive are those unidentified inflows and other assistance from   friendly countries  .

The Turks, meanwhile, terrified of the lira, have been piling up cryptocurrency, cars and gold. The KKM FX-protected deposits scheme rose to TRY 2.53 trillion as of June 2 from TRY 2.5 trillion as of May 26 while the USD-denominated amount declined to $122bn from $125bn thanks to the lira depreciation.

Prior to June 1, local banks were offering interest payments in advance for conversions from FX-linked deposits to the KKM. Some 30-40%s for advance payments were pronounced, meaning that the banks were depositing $300,000 in advance in accounts converting $1mn worth of FX-linked deposits to the KKM. The central bank scrapped the advance interest payments as of June 1 as pre-election pressure on the USD/TRY was lifted.

To help break FX demand, the government has also permitted local banks to introduce higher lira deposit rates. As of May 26, the weighted average lira deposit rate with maturities of up to three months reached 34%.

As of June 2, the KKM accounts for 24% of total deposits. The share of FX-linked deposits stands at 41%, up from 39% a week ago due to the lira depreciation. As of June 2, overall dollarisation stood at 65%.

The central bank  s net FX reserves are in negative territory for the first time in 21 years. A fresh record low was registered at minus $6bn on June 2. As a result, net reserves excluding swaps (swaps are off-balance sheet items, thus it is necessary to exclude swaps from balance sheet positions to reach actual figures) hit a fresh record low of minus $61bn.

The gross reserves rose to $101bn from $98bn as of May 26. The figure stood at $130bn as of February 3.

Sentiment on the global markets remains turbulence-free. Turkey  s five-year credit default swaps (CDS) are moving around the 500-level, while the yield on the Turkish government  s 10-year eurobonds was around the 9%-level.

On May 24, unnamed sources told Bloomberg that Turkey  s central bank asked some local lenders to buy the country  s dollar bonds to prevent a CDS spike.

Document BNEINT0020230609ej6900001


 Crypto firms knowingly flouted rules, says SEC chair...
Deccan Herald, 21:58, 8 June 2023, 610 words, Business News, (English)
The chair of the US Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) on Thursday strongly rebutted criticism that the agency is trying to crush the crypto industry, and said many companies in the space had made a "calculated economic decision" to ...



 Cryptocurrency  Prices

141 words
8 June 2023
20:50
ET Net News
ETNNEN
English
(c) Copyright 2023. ET Net Limited. All rights reserved. 

Cryptocurrency Prices

=====================

Name Last Change * % Change *

------------------------------------------

Bitcoin 26472.40 -26.22 -0.10%

Ethereum 1844.77 -0.88 -0.05%

Binance Coin 261.50 -0.40 -0.15%

Dogecoin 0.0678 -0.0002 -0.24%

Cardano 0.3217 -0.0012 -0.37%

Ripple 0.5236 -0.0001 -0.02%

Bitcoin Cash 111.20 -0.60 -0.54%

Litecoin 87.97 -0.52 -0.59%

Chainlink 5.97 -0.02 -0.35%

Stellar 0.0869 -0.0001 -0.11%

VeChain 0.01773 -0.00005 -0.28%

THETA Token 0.758 - -

TRON 0.07743 0.00002 0.03%

EOS 0.889 -0.002 -0.22%

Monero 141.70 -0.70 -0.49%

------------------------------------------

Note: Cryptocurrency prices are quoted in Tether (USDT) * Change and % Change are calculated based on the price at GMT23:59 of the previous day.Information is provided by Binance 

Document ETNNEN0020230609ej690002t




Straits Times Breaking News
Business
Crypto exchange Binance.US suspends USD deposits, pausing fiat withdrawal channels

98 words
9 June 2023
The Straits Times
STIMES
English
? 2023 SPH Media Limited 

BENGALURU - Binance.US on Thursday said the company is suspending US dollar deposits while notifying customers that their banking partners are preparing to pause fiat (USD) withdrawal channels as early as June 13.

The move comes as the US financial regulators supported a freeze on the cryptocurrency exchange's assets earlier in the day. REUTERS More On This Topic US regulator seeks to freeze Binance.US assets and protect customer funds Binance CEO's trading firm received $14.8 billion of client assets, says US regulator

Document STIMES0020230609ej69000p1




Liverpool News
Young mum who led double life as Encrochat user 'StiffNinja' has jewellery and property seized

By, Adam Everett 
773 words
8 June 2023
23:00
liverpoolecho.co.uk
LIVEONL
English
? 2023 Reach Plc 

The businesswoman conducted secret dealings over EncroChat and smuggled cash out of the country down her trousers

Jewellery and property has been seized from a young mum and former professional footballer who was exposed as an accountant for a ?1million drugs gang.

Faye Dunn was jailed last year after her illicit dealings on EncroChat came to light. The 39-year-old was today ordered to repay her ill-gotten gains during a hearing under the Proceeds of Crime Act at Liverpool Crown Court.

Nicola Daley, prosecuting, told the court that the defence counsel had agreed that she had benefited to the tune of ?152,953.96 from her involvement in organised crime. Dunn's current available assets meanwhile stand at ?69,747.70, the bulk of which comprises of ?64,000 of equity in a house on Birkdale Close in Huyton.

READ MORE:

Baby-faced tearaway who dealt drugs and kept guns became killer driver

Also included in the total was a Peugeot 1007 valued at ?1,085 and nearly ?2,000 of jewellery. Small sums held on cryptocurrency platform Coinbase, a bank account, a pension and an investment fund must also be forfeited.

Dunn, who was not present during the hearing but was represented by Catherine Collins, was given three months to pay the near ?70,000 figure by Judge Anil Murray. She will otherwise face an additional eight months in prison in default.

The young mum once boasted a portfolio of companies across a range of sectors, while her sporting career alone would be the envy of many. One highlight of her time in football came 20 years ago as a promising teenager playing for England at youth level.

Dunn, then 18, helped her team qualify for the semi-finals of the UEFA European Women's U19 Championship. She netted goals during two of the Lionesses' group games during the tournament, against Denmark and Switzerland.

The box-to-box midfielder also turned out for Tranmere Rovers before joining Leeds United in 2003. After hanging up her boots, Dunn -a well-known figure in the Huyton area -set up community interest company Onside Sports Academy, which aimed to support young footballers released from pro clubs back into employment.

This was one of several directorships she would go on to hold, including interests in a legal firm and a recruitment company. Her empire also extended to a restaurant, a popular children's play centre and an epoxy resin flooring business in Spain.

But the mother-of-two's fortunes turned in 2020 when Covid-19 saw the fortunes of her companies falter. Becoming sucked into the criminal underworld, she operated under the handle "StiffNinja" on the encrypted communications platform EncroChat before it was infiltrated by law enforcement.

Messages revealed that she had "involvement in the supply and production of cannabis", being described as an "accountant for an organised criminal enterprise". Dunn also smuggled cash to Spain, boarding a Portsmouth to Santander ferry with money hidden in her trousers.

Ms Daley told the court during her sentencing in September 2022: "She played an operational role within the drugs supply chain but appeared to have significant influence upon others in the chain, facilitating meetings between criminal associates in relation to the supply of controlled drugs, and also instructed others to undertake tasks such as the collection and movement of packages of both drugs and cash. Significantly, she appears to have acted as the accountant for the organised criminal enterprise and has concealed not only her EncroChat device but also cash when travelling abroad in order to evade detection by the authorities."

Dunn, of Walpole Avenue in Whiston, was eventually arrested at Manchester Airport in June last year. She later pleaded guilty to conspiracy to supply cannabis and money laundering.

The fallen entrepreneur -described as "intelligent, resourceful, kind, loving, generous and sadly flawed" -tearfully wailed "I can't believe it" as she was led down to the cells, having been imprisoned for three years and nine months. Sentencing, Judge David Potter said: "It is a tragedy to see a young woman facing a sentence of imprisonment after leading a life full of past and continuing achievements."

READ NEXT:

Darren Till appears in court charged with driving offences

Perverted chef who preyed on girl in Concert Square groped teen on train

Thug who punched pregnant girlfriend in the stomach walks free from court

Gang lurked at cashpoint before stealing cards and spending thousands

Mum driving to Flamingo Land with kids ran red light and ploughed into Audi

Document LIVEONL020230609ej690005l




Binance.US suspends USD deposits, pausing fiat withdrawal channels

83 words
8 June 2023
22:44
Reuters News
LBA
English
Copyright 2023 Thomson Reuters. All Rights Reserved. 

June 8 (Reuters) - Binance.US on Thursday said the company is suspending USD deposits while notifying customers that their banking partners are preparing to pause fiat (USD) withdrawal channels as early as June 13.

The move comes as the U.S. financial regulators supported a freeze on the cryptocurrency exchange's assets earlier in the day. (Reporting by Rahat Sandhu in Bengaluru; Editing by Dhanya Ann Thoppil) 

Released: 2023-6-9T03:44:41.000Z 

Document LBA0000020230609ej6900b9l



?     - Latest News
Binance.US Stops USD Deposits & Fiat Withdrawals

83 words
9 June 2023
AAStocks Financial News
AASFNE
English
Copyright ? 2023. AAStocks.com Limited. All rights reserved. 

Binance.US, the US subsidiary of cryptocurrency exchange Binance, announced that it is suspending deposits in USD, and has informed customers that its banking partners are preparing to suspend legal tender (fiat) withdrawals as early as June 13.

The suspension comes after the SEC filed a lawsuit against Binance and its founder, Zhao Changpeng, and demanded that Binance's assets be frozen.

~

AAStocks Financial News

Web Site: www.aastocks.com

Document AASFNE0020230609ej69002xl




International
Terraform Labs   Kwon Ignites Major Political Scandal in Montenegro with Funding Claims

366 words
9 June 2023
KBS World News - English Edition
KBSWNE
English
(c)2023 KBS. 

Anchor: Amid his ongoing trial for document forgery in Montenegro, disgraced Terraform Labs co-founder Kwon Do-hyeong has ignited a major political scandal in the country after claiming that he funded an opposition party, whose leader he has known since 2018, in violation of local laws.

Choi You Sun reports.

Report: Days ahead of Montenegro  s parliamentary elections, prime minister Dritan Abazovi? appeared to expose an illicit financial connection between an opposition leader and the co-founder of Terraform Labs, Kwon Do-hyeong.

According to local media outlets, Abazovi? revealed the contents of a letter he claims to have received from Kwon during a press conference earlier in the week.

In the reportedly handwritten letter, Kwon allegedly claims that he has been providing illegal political funds to Milojko Spaji?, the head of the Europe Now party, since they first met in 2018. The party, which launched last year, has been leading in the polls ahead of the parliamentary elections on Sunday.

Under Montenegrin law, foreigners cannot make donations to a political party or provide political funds to a campaign, and all donations must be reported to the state.

While Kwon's motive behind making such claims ahead of Montenegro's elections remains uncertain, the assertions have sparked a massive political scandal in the country amid his ongoing trial for document forgery.

Abazovi? called for a special prosecutor to investigate the claims, as both South Korea and the U.S. are seeking Kwon's extradition on cryptocurrency securities fraud charges.

Spaji?, in his defense, acknowledged that he and his former employer had invested in Terraforms in early 2018, but denied having received any illegal political funds, while taking credit for reporting Kwon  s presence in the country to local authorities.

The prime minister claimed that no such notification was made.

Meanwhile, Filip Ad?i?, Montenegro's internal affairs minister, said he had received intelligence that the opposition leader had met with Kwon while he was on the run in the Serbian capital Belgrade, and that a seized laptop belonging to Kwon contains evidence of the political funds.

Choi You Sun, KBS World Radio News.

Document KBSWNE0020230609ej69000b5


 Page 1 of 1     ? 2023 Factiva, Inc.  All rights reserved.


 

 Page 1     ? 2023 Factiva, Inc.  All rights reserved.

